1	TRUMP	Thank you, Klaus, very much.
2	TRUMP	It’s a privilege to be here at this forum where leaders in business, science, art, diplomacy, and world affairs have gathered for many, many years to discuss how we can advance prosperity, security, and peace.
3	TRUMP	I’m here today to represent the interests of the American people and to affirm America’s friendship and partnership in building a better world.
4	TRUMP	Like all nations represented at this great forum, America hopes for a future in which everyone can prosper, and every child can grow up free from violence, poverty, and fear.
5	TRUMP	Over the past year, we have made extraordinary strides in the U.S.
6	TRUMP	We’re lifting up forgotten communities, creating exciting new opportunities, and helping every American find their path to the American Dream — the dream of a great job, a safe home, and a better life for their children.
7	TRUMP	After years of stagnation, the United States is once again experiencing strong economic growth.
8	TRUMP	The stock market is smashing one record after another, and has added more than $7 trillion in new wealth since my election.
9	TRUMP	Consumer confidence, business confidence, and manufacturing confidence are the highest they have been in many decades.
10	TRUMP	Since my election, we’ve created 2.4 million jobs, and that number is going up very, very substantially.
11	TRUMP	Small-business optimism is at an all-time high.
12	TRUMP	New unemployment claims are near the lowest we’ve seen in almost half a century.
13	TRUMP	African American unemployment has reached the lowest rate ever recorded in the United States, and so has unemployment among Hispanic Americans.
14	TRUMP	The world is witnessing the resurgence of a strong and prosperous America.
15	TRUMP	I’m here to deliver a simple message:
16	TRUMP	There has never been a better time to hire, to build, to invest, and to grow in the United States.
17	TRUMP	America is open for business, and we are competitive once again.
18	TRUMP	The American economy is by far the largest in the world, and we’ve just enacted the most significant tax cuts and reform in American history.
19	TRUMP	We’ve massively cut taxes for the middle class and small businesses to let working families keep more of their hard-earned money.
20	TRUMP	We lowered our corporate tax rate from 35 percent, all the way down to 21 percent.
21	TRUMP	As a result, millions of workers have received tax cut bonuses from their employers in amounts as large as $3,000.
22	TRUMP	The tax cut bill is expected to raise the average American’s household income by more than $4,000.
23	TRUMP	The world’s largest company, Apple, announced plans to bring $245 billion in overseas profits home to America.
24	TRUMP	Their total investment into the United States economy will be more than $350 billion over the next five years.
25	TRUMP	Now is the perfect time to bring your business, your jobs, and your investments to the United States.
26	TRUMP	This is especially true because we have undertaken the most extensive regulatory reduction ever conceived.
27	TRUMP	Regulation is stealth taxation.
28	TRUMP	The U.S., like many other countries, unelected bureaucrats — and we have — believe me, we have them all over the place — and they’ve imposed crushing and anti-business and anti-worker regulations on our citizens with no vote, no legislative debate, and no real accountability.
29	TRUMP	In America, those days are over.
30	TRUMP	I pledged to eliminate two unnecessary regulations for every one new regulation.
31	TRUMP	We have succeeded beyond our highest expectations.
32	TRUMP	Instead of 2 for 1, we have cut 22 burdensome regulations for every 1 new rule.
33	TRUMP	We are freeing our businesses and workers so they can thrive and flourish as never before.
34	TRUMP	We are creating an environment that attracts capital, invites investment, and rewards production.
35	TRUMP	America is the place to do business.
36	TRUMP	So come to America, where you can innovate, create, and build.
37	TRUMP	I believe in America.
38	TRUMP	As President of the United States, I will always put America first, just like the leaders of other countries should put their country first also.
39	TRUMP	But America first does not mean America alone.
40	TRUMP	When the United States grows, so does the world.
41	TRUMP	American prosperity has created countless jobs all around the globe, and the drive for excellence, creativity, and innovation in the U.S. has led to important discoveries that help people everywhere live more prosperous and far healthier lives.
42	TRUMP	As the United States pursues domestic reforms to unleash jobs and growth, we are also working to reform the international trading system so that it promotes broadly shared prosperity and rewards to those who play by the rules.
43	TRUMP	We cannot have free and open trade if some countries exploit the system at the expense of others.
44	TRUMP	We support free trade, but it needs to be fair and it needs to be reciprocal.
45	TRUMP	Because, in the end, unfair trade undermines us all.
46	TRUMP	The United States will no longer turn a blind eye to unfair economic practices, including massive intellectual property theft, industrial subsidies, and pervasive state-led economic planning.
47	TRUMP	These and other predatory behaviors are distorting the global markets and harming businesses and workers, not just in the U.S., but around the globe.
48	TRUMP	Just like we expect the leaders of other countries to protect their interests, as President of the United States, I will always protect the interests of our country, our companies, and our workers.
49	TRUMP	We will enforce our trade laws and restore integrity to our trading system.
50	TRUMP	Only by insisting on fair and reciprocal trade can we create a system that works not just for the U.S. but for all nations.
51	TRUMP	As I have said, the United States is prepared to negotiate mutually beneficial, bilateral trade agreements with all countries.
52	TRUMP	This will include the countries in TPP, which are very important.
53	TRUMP	We have agreements with several of them already.
54	TRUMP	We would consider negotiating with the rest, either individually, or perhaps as a group, if it is in the interests of all.
55	TRUMP	My administration is also taking swift action in other ways to restore American confidence and independence.
56	TRUMP	We are lifting self-imposed restrictions on energy production to provide affordable power to our citizens and businesses, and to promote energy security for our friends all around the world.
57	TRUMP	No country should be held hostage to a single provider of energy.
58	TRUMP	America is roaring back, and now is the time to invest in the future of America.
59	TRUMP	We have dramatically cut taxes to make America competitive.
60	TRUMP	We are eliminating burdensome regulations at a record pace.
61	TRUMP	We are reforming the bureaucracy to make it lean, responsive, and accountable.
62	TRUMP	And we are ensuring our laws are enforced fairly.
63	TRUMP	We have the best colleges and universities in the world, and we have the best workers in the world.
64	TRUMP	Energy is abundant and affordable.
65	TRUMP	There has never been a better time to come to America.
66	TRUMP	We are also making historic investments in the American military because we cannot have prosperity without security.
67	TRUMP	To make the world safer from rogue regimes, terrorism, and revisionist powers, we are asking our friends and allies to invest in their own defenses and to meet their financial obligations.
68	TRUMP	Our common security requires everyone to contribute their fair share.
69	TRUMP	My administration is proud to have led historic efforts, at the United Nations Security Council and all around the world, to unite all civilized nations in our campaign of maximum pressure to de-nuke the Korean Peninsula.
70	TRUMP	We continue to call on partners to confront Iran’s support for terrorists and block Iran’s path to a nuclear weapon.
71	TRUMP	We’re also working with allies and partners to destroy jihadist terrorist organizations such as ISIS, and very successfully so.
72	TRUMP	The United States is leading a very broad coalition to deny terrorists control of their territory and populations, to cut off their funding, and to discredit their wicked ideology.
73	TRUMP	I am pleased to report that the coalition to defeat ISIS has retaken almost 100 percent of the territory once held by these killers in Iraq and Syria.
74	TRUMP	There is still more fighting and work to be done and to consolidate our gains.
75	TRUMP	We are committed to ensuring that Afghanistan never again becomes a safe haven for terrorists who want to commit mass murder to our civilian populations.
76	TRUMP	I want to thank those nations represented here today that have joined in these crucial efforts.
77	TRUMP	You are not just securing your own citizens, but saving lives and restoring hope for millions and millions of people.
78	TRUMP	When it comes to terrorism, we will do whatever is necessary to protect our nation.
79	TRUMP	We will defend our citizens and our borders.
80	TRUMP	We are also securing our immigration system, as a matter of both national and economic security.
81	TRUMP	America is a cutting-edge economy, but our immigration system is stuck in the past.
82	TRUMP	We must replace our current system of extended-family chain migration with a merit-based system of admissions that selects new arrivals based on their ability to contribute to our economy, to support themselves financially, and to strengthen our country.
83	TRUMP	In rebuilding America, we are also fully committed to developing our workforce.
84	TRUMP	We are lifting people from dependence to independence, because we know the single best anti-poverty program is a very simple and very beautiful paycheck.
85	TRUMP	To be successful, it is not enough to invest in our economy.
86	TRUMP	We must invest in our people.
87	TRUMP	When people are forgotten, the world becomes fractured.
88	TRUMP	Only by hearing and responding to the voices of the forgotten can we create a bright future that is truly shared by all.
89	TRUMP	The nation’s greatness is more than the sum of its production.
90	TRUMP	A nation’s greatness is the sum of its citizens: the values, pride, love, devotion, and character of the people who call that nation home.
91	TRUMP	From my first international G7 Summit, to the G20, to the U.N. General Assembly, to APEC, to the World Trade Organization, and today at the World Economic Forum, my administration has not only been present, but has driven our message that we are all stronger when free, sovereign nations cooperate toward shared goals and they cooperate toward shared dreams.
92	TRUMP	Represented in this room are some of the remarkable citizens from all over the world.
93	TRUMP	You are national leaders, business titans, industry giants, and many of the brightest minds in many fields.
94	TRUMP	Each of you has the power to change hearts, transform lives, and shape your countries’ destinies.
95	TRUMP	With this power comes an obligation, however — a duty of loyalty to the people, workers, and customers who have made you who you are.
96	TRUMP	So together, let us resolve to use our power, our resources, and our voices, not just for ourselves, but for our people — to lift their burdens, to raise their hopes, and to empower their dreams; to protect their families, their communities, their histories, and their futures.
97	TRUMP	That’s what we’re doing in America, and the results are totally unmistakable.
98	TRUMP	It’s why new businesses and investment are flooding in.
99	TRUMP	It’s why our unemployment rate is the lowest it’s been in so many decades.
100	TRUMP	It’s why America’s future has never been brighter.
101	TRUMP	Today, I am inviting all of you to become part of this incredible future we are building together.
102	TRUMP	Thank you to our hosts, thank you to the leaders and innovators in the audience.
103	TRUMP	But most importantly, thank you to all of the hardworking men and women who do their duty each and every day, making this a better world for everyone.
104	TRUMP	Together, let us send our love and our gratitude to make them, because they really make our countries run.
105	TRUMP	They make our countries great.
106	TRUMP	Thank you, and God bless you all.
107	TRUMP	Thank you very much.
108	SYSTEM	(APPLAUSE)
109	TRUMP	Thank you very much.
110	MR. SCHWAB	Thank you, Mr. President, for this inspiring speech.
111	MR. SCHWAB	As it is tradition at the forum, I will ask you one or two questions.
112	MR. SCHWAB	And my first question is, why is the tax reform — why has it been of such a high priority for your administration?
113	TRUMP	Well, first of all, Klaus, I want to congratulate you.
114	TRUMP	This is an incredible group of people.
115	TRUMP	We had dinner last night with about 15 leaders of industry, none of whom I knew, but all of whom I’ve read about for years.
116	TRUMP	And it was truly an incredible group.
117	TRUMP	But I think I have 15 new friends.
118	TRUMP	So this has been really great what you’ve done and putting it together, the economic forum.
119	TRUMP	The tax reform was a dream of a lot of people over many years, but they weren’t able to get it done.
120	TRUMP	Many people tried, and Ronald Reagan was really the last to make a meaningful cut and reform.
121	TRUMP	And ours is cutting and reforming.
122	TRUMP	We emphasize cut, but the reform is probably almost as important.
123	TRUMP	We’ve wanted to do it.
124	TRUMP	It is very tough, politically, to do it.
125	TRUMP	Hard to believe that would be, but it is very, very tough.
126	TRUMP	That’s why it hasn’t been done in close to 40 years.
127	TRUMP	And once we got it going, it was going.
128	TRUMP	And the big — and I wouldn’t say a total surprise, but one of the big things that happened and took place is AT&T and some others came out very early and they said they were going to pay thousands and thousands of dollars to people that work for their companies.
129	TRUMP	And you have 300,000, 400,000, 500,000 people working for these companies, and all of a sudden it became like a big waterfall, a big, beautiful waterfall where so many companies are doing it.
130	TRUMP	And even today they just announced many more.
131	TRUMP	But every day they announce more and more.
132	TRUMP	And now it’s a fight for who’s going to give the most.
133	TRUMP	It started at 1,000, and now we have them up to 3,000.
134	TRUMP	This is something that we didn’t anticipate.
135	TRUMP	Oftentimes in business, things happen that you don’t anticipate.
136	TRUMP	Usually that’s a bad thing, but this was a good thing.
137	TRUMP	This came out of nowhere.
138	TRUMP	Nobody ever thought of this as a possibility even.
139	TRUMP	It wasn’t in the equation.
140	TRUMP	We waited — we said, wait until February 1st when the checks start coming in.
141	TRUMP	And people, Klaus, have a lot more money in their paycheck — because it’s not just a little money, this is a lot of money for people making a living doing whatever they may be doing.
142	TRUMP	And we really though February 1st it was going to kick in and everybody was going to be — well, we haven’t even gotten there yet and it’s kicked in.
143	TRUMP	And it’s had an incredible impact on the stock market and the stock prices.
144	TRUMP	We’ve set 84 records since my election — record stock market prices, meaning we hit new highs 84 different times out of a one-year period.
145	TRUMP	And that’s a great thing.
146	TRUMP	And in all fairness, that was done before we passed the tax cuts and tax reform.
147	TRUMP	So what happened is really something special.
148	TRUMP	Then, as you know, and as I just said, Apple came in with $350 billion.
149	TRUMP	And I tell you, I spoke with Tim Cook; I said, Tim, I will never consider this whole great run that we’ve made complete until you start building plants in the U.S.
150	TRUMP	And I will tell you, this moved up very substantially.
151	TRUMP	But when I heard 350, I thought he was talking — I thought they were talking $350 million.
152	TRUMP	And, by the way, that’s a nice-sized plant.
153	TRUMP	Not the greatest, but not bad.
154	TRUMP	And they said, “No, sir. It’s $350 billion.”
155	TRUMP	I said, that is something.
156	TRUMP	Well, we have tremendous amounts of money, including my newfound friends from last night — great companies.
157	TRUMP	They’re all investing.
158	TRUMP	When one of the gentlemen said he’s putting in $2 billion because of the tax cuts, I said to myself, “Wow, he’s actually the cheap one in the group” — because they’re putting in massive numbers of billions of dollars.
159	TRUMP	So I think you have a brand-new United States.
160	TRUMP	You have a United States where people from all over the world are looking to come in and invest, and there’s just nothing like what’s happening.
161	TRUMP	And I just want to finish by — I have a group of people that have been so — I have a whole lot of them, so I won’t introduce because then I’ll insult at least half of them.
162	TRUMP	But I’ve had a group of people that worked so hard on this and other things.
163	TRUMP	And we’re really doing — we had a great first year — so successful in so many different ways.
164	TRUMP	And there’s a tremendous spirit.
165	TRUMP	When you look at all of the different charts and polls, and you see, as an example, African American unemployment at the historic low — it’s never had a period of time like this.
166	TRUMP	Same with Hispanic.
167	TRUMP	Women at a 17-year low.
168	TRUMP	It’s very heartwarming to see.
169	TRUMP	But there’s a tremendous spirit in the United States.
170	TRUMP	I would say it’s a spirit like I have never witnessed before.
171	TRUMP	I’ve been here for awhile.
172	TRUMP	I have never witnessed the spirit that our country has right now.
173	TRUMP	So I just want to thank you all, and all those that are pouring billions of dollars into our country, or ten dollars into our country, we thank you very much.
174	TRUMP	Thank you.
175	MR. SCHWAB	Mr. President, I will ask you, maybe, a personal question.
176	MR. SCHWAB	But before doing so, I’d just like to —
177	TRUMP	Sounds very interesting.
178	TRUMP	I didn’t know about this one.
179	MR. SCHWAB	I would like to acknowledge the strong presence of your Cabinet members
180	TRUMP	Yes.
181	MR. SCHWAB	— who tremendously contributed to the discussions the last (inaudible).
182	TRUMP	Good, I would like to do that.
183	TRUMP	That’s very nice.
184	MR. SCHWAB	Yeah.
185	MR. SCHWAB	Now —
186	TRUMP	Steven, Wilbur, Gary, Robert, even my General and my various other generals, you know.
187	TRUMP	We’re making our military protection a little bit better for us too.
188	TRUMP	So thank you very much.
189	TRUMP	Does everybody understand that?
190	TRUMP	I think so.
191	TRUMP	Thank you all for being here.
192	MR. SCHWAB	Now my, maybe personal, question would be: What experience from your past have been most useful in preparing you for the Presidency?
193	TRUMP	Well, being a businessman has been a great experience for me.
194	TRUMP	I’ve loved it.
195	TRUMP	I’ve always loved business.
196	TRUMP	I’ve always been good at building things, and I’ve always been successful at making money.
197	TRUMP	I’d buy things that would fail –that would be failures — and I’d turn them around and try and get them for the right price, and then I’d turn them around and make them successful.
198	TRUMP	And I’ve been good at it.
199	TRUMP	And that takes a certain ability.
200	TRUMP	And, you know, historically, I guess, there’s never really been a businessman or businessperson elected President.
201	TRUMP	It’s always been a general or a politician.
202	TRUMP	Throughout history, it’s always been a general — you had to be a general — but mostly it was politicians.
203	TRUMP	You never have a businessman.
204	TRUMP	And then, in all fairness, I was saying to Klaus last night: Had the opposing party to me won — some of whom you backed, some of the people in the room — instead of being up almost 50 percent — the stock market is up since my election almost 50 percent — rather than that, I believe the stock market from that level, the initial level, would have been down close to 50 percent.
205	TRUMP	That’s where we were heading.
206	TRUMP	I really believe that — because they were going to put on massive new regulations.
207	TRUMP	You couldn’t breathe.
208	TRUMP	It was choking our country to death.
209	TRUMP	And I was able to see that, Klaus, as a businessperson.
210	TRUMP	The other thing is, I’ve always seemed to get, for whatever reason, a disproportionate amount of press or media.
211	SYSTEM	(LAUGHTER)
212	TRUMP	Throughout my whole life — somebody will explain someday why — but I’ve always gotten a lot.
213	SYSTEM	(LAUGHTER)
214	TRUMP	And as businessman I was always treated really well by the press.
215	TRUMP	The numbers speak and things happen, but I’ve always really had a very good press.
216	TRUMP	And it wasn’t until I became a politician that I realized how nasty, how mean, how vicious, and how fake the press can be.
217	TRUMP	As the cameras start going off in the background.
218	SYSTEM	(LAUGHTER)
219	TRUMP	But overall — I mean, the bottom line — somebody said, well, they couldn’t have been that bad because here we are — we’re President.
220	TRUMP	And I think we’re doing a really great job with my team.
221	TRUMP	I have a team of just tremendous people, and I think we’re doing a very special job.
222	TRUMP	And I really believe it was time, and it was time to do that job, because I don’t think the United States would have done very well if it went through four or eight more years of regulation and, really, a very anti-business group of people.
223	TRUMP	We have a very pro-business group.
224	TRUMP	We have regulations cut to a level — in the history of our country, Klaus — this was reported recently.
225	TRUMP	In one year we’ve cut more regulations in my administration than any other administration in four, eight, or sixteen years, in the one case.
226	TRUMP	We’ve cut more regulations in one year, and we have a ways to go.
227	TRUMP	I mean, we’re probably 50 percent done.
228	TRUMP	And we’re going to have regulation.
229	TRUMP	There’s nothing wrong with rules and regulations; you need them.
230	TRUMP	But we’ve cut more than any administration ever in the history of our country, and we still have a ways to go.
231	TRUMP	So I think between that and the tremendous tax cuts, we’ve really done something.
232	TRUMP	And one other thing I said — and I saw it last night with some of the leaders and the businesspeople — I think I’ve been a cheerleader for our country, and everybody representing a company or a country has to be a cheerleader, or no matter what you do, it’s just not going to work.
233	TRUMP	And the reason I’m a cheerleader is because it’s easy — because I love our country and I think we’re just doing really well.
234	TRUMP	And we look forward to seeing you in America — special place — and where you are is a special place also.
235	TRUMP	Thank you all very much.
236	TRUMP	I appreciate it.
237	SYSTEM	(APPLAUSE)
238	MR. SCHWAB	Thank you.
239	MR. SCHWAB	Thank you very much, Mr. President, for being with us.
240	MR. SCHWAB	The World Economic Forum community, who is assembled here, will be certainly — and I quote you from the last piece of your remarks — will be certainly among “the hardworking men and women who do their duty each and every day making this world a better place for everyone.”
241	MR. SCHWAB	Thank you very much for being with us.
242	TRUMP	Thank you.
243	TRUMP	Thank you very much everybody.
244	TRUMP	Thank you.
245	SYSTEM	(APPLAUSE)
